Dr. Ava Kaufman..   2025-0109   

1) Sudden urination - a little squeert, then need to run for bathroom.  Cycle is about 2 hours.
	Had an embarriousing event t 6+ hour parade - no toilets outside, could not spot them.
	Held out with a few spurts until the end and raking parade float aport.  I just dumped, pants, legs, socks and shoes
	soaked. Let dry in place and got home.  Tried medication for relief - one caused migrains, other was not very effective
	20% holding power.   Would like to know why and what can be done - through medicines  or alternative.
	
	Real embarriment when I have to excuse myself suddenly - no advance notice.
	
2) Neurology:  Need to talk more with Book on his needs?

	Migraines
	
	ADHD - past scans and evaluations
	
	Originally discovered Sleep Apnea because my wife heard me snorning loudly even through ear plugs.  Then sleep study at George
	washington confirm it.   Tried CPAP in the early 1990, but George Washington could not find a setting that was stable or 
	reliable.  Finally quit the CPAP.
	
	In early 2000s, was diagnosed with AFIB.  Asked by cadiologist about sleep apnea and told to get back on CPAP.  Started 
	sleep study with one group, CPAP was ok, and the way the tested for BIPAP was really not good for me.  I've learned since
	it was the quality of the tester and test.  Since I was not getting better and the doctor's converations were mostly one sided,
	I looked for a different sleep center and doctors (neurologist and sleep specialist. 
	
	Checked Docters and Sleep Centers, end of up with Dr. Helen Emsellem.  Good find.  New sleep study - confirmed, but found bipap was the write direction. She
	are on call and participating in the Sleep Study with lap.
	
	Later found I winked out while driving had minor impact with tire and curb on 270 ramp.  I stopped driving and confured with 
	Emsellem.  After evealuation we did the standard test for this situation and found I was OK to drive.  Not serious. 
	Made adjustments in Sleep routines and bipap.   
	
	Sleep issue over the years, since starting CPAP and then BIPAP, In conjunction with number #1, would have to get up
	for the bathroom at night (mostly 1 time.) and then could not fall back to sleep.  Tried setting alarms to wake me 
	up to get back to bed and the BIPAP.  Most of the times meet the 4 hour minimum.  So, I don't get 8 hours a night and the 
	sleep is not constant with a lot of interruptions - see FigBit as a rough guide.  
	
	Started to go back to Dr. Emsellem when it was announced she was retiring the end of 2023.  In the end she stayed on until 
	the end of 2024 and was able to sell the practice and the new owners hired a new director.  Regretfully, the new director
	was not a neurologies and has only been woring with Sleep Medicine since 2019.   Most of there experience was in the area
	of Nephology.
	
	Needs:
	
	a) Review of my ADHD status.   (had MRI and triple headed spec at georgetown during my original evalustion with Dr. Nedeau 
	and Dr. Stein.  Neurologist was Dr. Samuel J. Potolicchio.  
	
	
	
	
	
Dr. Samuel J. Potolicchic
Elm Center
4940 Hamden Lane, Suite 300
Bethesda, MD  20814
301-652-7155
M-F  9am-6pm
samuelpotolicchio#gmail.com
Question - insurance???   Affilications: ??????
Sibley Memorial Hospital
	Tues 9am-1pm
	Thur 9am-1pm

Top Docs WAshintonian Mag